Use Case: Generate Printable Map PDF (#224)
ElektraInitiative/PermaplanT: doc/usecases/map_to_pdf.md

# Use Case: Map to PDF

## Summary

- **Scope:** Map View
- **Level:** User Goal
- **Actors:** App User
- **Brief:** Users can generate a PDF file of the map.
- **Status:** Assigned
- **Assignee:** Ramzan

## Scenarios

- **Precondition:**
 - The user has opened the app and navigated to the desired map view.
- **Main success scenario:**
 - The app captures a screenshot of the current map view and generates a PDF file.
 - The app adds a header/footer to the PDF containing the current time, map timestamp, GPS coordinates, and scale.

>  - The user receives the generated PDF file for printing or saving.

Reviewer: How will this accomplished? 
I think the most reasonable thing would be an overview page with download links for each generated file.

Reviewer 2: I would prefer if we can save it to Nextcloud. Then we could also easily implement features like automatic deletion https://apps.nextcloud.com/apps/files_retention

Btw. thanks for the reviews!

> # Use Case: Generate Printable Map PDF

Reviewer 2: Please rename:

```suggestion
# Use Case: Map to PDF
```

## Summary

- **Scope:** Map View
- **Level:** User Goal
- **Actors:** App User

> - **Brief:** Users can generate a PDF file containing a screenshot of their current map view with a header/footer displaying relevant metadata, such as current time, map timestamp, GPS coordinates, and scale.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Brief:** Users can generate a PDF file of the map.
```

> - **Status:** Draft

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Status:** Assigned
```

- **Assignee:** Ramzan

## Scenarios

- **Precondition:**
 - The user has opened the app and navigated to the desired map view.
- **Main success scenario:**
 - The app captures a screenshot of the current map view and generates a PDF file.
 - The app adds a header/footer to the PDF containing the current time, map timestamp, GPS coordinates, and scale.
 - The user receives the generated PDF file for printing or saving.
- **Alternative scenario:**

>  - The user selects custom options e.g. for the header/footer, such as changing the format or choosing which metadata to include.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

- **Error scenario:**
 - The app encounters an issue while generating the PDF file, such as insufficient storage space or an unexpected error.

> - **Postconition:**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Postcondition:**
```
